=pod

=head1 NAME

DBIx::Migration - Seamless DB schema up- and downgrades

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  my $m = DBIx::Migration->new(
      {
          dsn => 'dbi:SQLite:~/Projects/myapp/db/myapp.db',
          dir => '~/Projects/myapp/db/migrations'
      }
  );

  # Get current version from database
  my $version = $m->version;

  # Migrate database to version 1
  $m->migrate( 1 );

  # Migrate database to the newest/highest version
  $m->migrate;

  # ~/Projects/myapp/db/migrations/schema_1_up.sql
  CREATE TABLE foo (
      id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,
      bar TEXT
  );

  # ~/Projects/myapp/db/migrations/schema_1_down.sql
  DROP TABLE foo;

  # ~/Projects/myapp/db/migrations/schema_2_up.sql
  CREATE TABLE bar (
      id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,
      baz TEXT
  );

  # ~/Projects/myapp/db/migrations/schema_2_down.sql
  DROP TABLE bar;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Seamless DB schema up- and downgrades.

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item $self->debug( $debug )

Enable/Disable debug messages.

=item $self->dir( $dir )

Get/Set directory.

=item $self->dsn( $dsn )

Get/Set dsn.

=item $self->dbh( $dsn )

Get/Set dbh.

=item $self->migrate( $version )

Migrate database to version. Returns true in case of success; otherwise false.

=item $self->password

Get/Set database password.

=item $self->username( $username )

Get/Set database username.

=item $self->version

Get migration version from database. Will be undef if no migration has taken
place yet.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Sebastian Riedel, <kraihx@gmail.com>

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

Dan Sully, <dan+github@sully.org>

Marcus Ramberg, <marcus@nordaaker.com>

Steven Jenkin, <sjenkin@venda.com>

Sven Willenbuecher, <sven.willenbuecher@gmx.de>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2004-2005 Sebastian Riedel. All rights reserved.

This program is free software, you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
